United Interchain Constitution
___________________________________________________________________
While the Constitution may begin sparsely, we chose to maintain simplicity as wise politicians are 
cautious about including laws or rules that are to be broken by necessity. We hope the whole interchain 
community will contribute to the start that humbly presents itself in front of them.

The Constitution will be subject to iterations and should not be considered finalized until the 
interchain reaches a consensus on the contents.
 
- - - - - - - - - - - - - Constitution- - - - - - - - - - - -
Article One

Section 1 - 

All legislative Powers herein granted shall be vested in a Congress of the United Interchain, which
 shall consist of a body of ledgers represented equally in the Senate and the same body of ledgers 
 represented in the Union Assembly in accordance with their monetary stake in the Union.


Section 2 - 

The Union Assembly shall be composed of chains as representatives. The Union Assembly will function
 as a pure democratic republic defined as a popular system of governance where all laws and policies 
 are determined by an elected body called representatives and directly by the people. In interchain federalist
  five additional information about a pure democratic republic are found.

The power endowed to the chains within the Union Assembly is directly proportional to their
 relative percentage of economic stake, meaning market capitalization, to the aggregate value of 
 the Union.

For instance, if the total aggregate market capitalization of the United Interchain is 11 billion
 and there are nine chains worth one billion and one chain worth two billion, then nine chains have 
 roughly 9.1% of the vote, and one chain has 18.1%.

Within each chain individuals and validators will vote in proportion to their stake in the network.
 The decision of all individuals that delegate to validators in the active set and all validators 
 within the active set will decide the vote of the chain's power.

For example, one ledger in our former illustration has 9.1% of the voting power. In this chain,
 there are one-hundred validators, each with 1% of voting power, and there are also one-thousand 
 individual stakers and ten unique stakers per validator, all with an equal stake. In a pure democratic 
 republic, individuals can overvote their validator's vote. For simplicity, in the example, fifty validators 
 and ten unique stakers vote one-way, meaning they have a simple majority of 51%. That 51% majority decision 
 controls 51% of the chain's 9.1% power in the Union Assembly. To elaborate further, if 51% voted yes on the bill 
 on the floor in the Union Assembly, this dictates that 4.641% of the chain's power would vote yes in 
 the Union Assembly, and the other 4.359% would vote either no, veto, or abstain.

The Union Assembly shall choose its speaker and other Officers; and shall have the sole Power of
 impeachment.


Section 3 - 

The Senate shall be composed of chains as representatives. The Senate will function as a republic
 where representatives, also known as validators, determine the laws and policies.

The power endowed to the chains within the Senate is equally distributed. Each chain will get one
 vote.

Within each chain, individual stakers delegate to representatives called validators, as a normal
 delegated PoS system function. Each validator inside each chain will receive one vote. The simple
  majority decision of all validators inside the active set will decide the one vote the chain can make 
  in the Senate. Since ledgers in the house are required to be the same in the Senate and visa versa, we 
  find that in the example of the Interchain Congress displayed in Section 2, there must also be ten chains 
  within the Senate. Each Chain will have one vote, making power equivalent throughout the Senate.

Take one ledger from the Senate as an example. In this chain, there are one-hundred validators, each
 with 1% voting power, and there are also 1000 individual stakers and ten unique stakers per validator,
  all with an equal stake. Ignore that each validator has 1% voting power within the network and assign 
  every validator of the 100 in the active set a vote. These validators reach a simple majority of 51%, 
  which controls the single vote the chain makes in the Senate. If 51% of the validators voted yes on the 
  bill on the floor of the Senate, this dictates that the chain's one vote would be yes. The power of each 
  chain in the Senate is not proportional to their stake nor the number of validators; instead, one 
  blockchain gets one vote. Now expand the individual process explained to multiple ledgers and that system
   comprises the Senate.

Every two, the Senate will vote to decide which chain has the power of tie break. If a tie within a
 chain takes place, then the chain that the Senate has elected to decide ties will vote. Similarly, 
 this chain will break the deadlock if a tie occurs between senators.

The Senate shall choose its speaker and other Officers; and shall have the power to try all
 impeachments. When a chain of the United Interchain shall be tried, no ledger shall be convicted, 
 only removed from the Union with a super majority of two-thirds of Senate members.

Judgment in Cases of Impeachment shall not extend further than removal from office. The party
 convicted shall be liable and subject to indictment, trial, judgment, and punishment, according to law.
The Senate shall have the sole power to vote the judiciary's punishment through if slashing be
 chosen as punishment. A simple majority must vote yes for the sentence to be administered. 


Section 4 - 

The ledgers in the Senate and the Union Assembly must be the same. No chain shall be a representative
 in either the Union Assembly or Senate who shall not have attained decentralized or security or audit 
 requirements or the age of two years since genesis. Every two years, from the genesis of the United 
 Interchain ledger, new blockchains can be voted in to join the Union.


Section 5 - 

The United Interchain will be a ledger secured through cross-chain validation equally by all its members.


Section 6 - 

The legislature of the United Interchain shall prescribe the time and manner of holding elections for
 ledgers joining the Union.


Section 7 - 

Each Chain shall receive compensation for their Services, to be ascertained by law, and paid out 
of the Treasury of the United Interchain to each ledgers communal treasury.


Section 8 - 

All bills for raising revenue shall originate in the Union Assembly, but the Senate may propose 
or concur with amendments as on other bills. If the simple aggregate majority in the Union Assembly 
shall agree to pass the bill, it shall be sent to the Senate, which shall consider the bill, and if 
approved via simple majority, it shall become law. In cases where the Senate disapproves via simple 
majority, the bill with objections written will be returned to the Union Assembly for reconsideration.

In all cases, the votes of the Union Assembly and Senate shall be determined by yeas, nays, veto,
 and abstain. The wallet addresses of the individual wallets or validators that voted for, against, 
 veto, or abstain shall be appended to the United Interchain ledger.

Veto vote determines that a bill is either spam, infringes on minority interests, or violates or
 encourages violation of the Constitution and bill of rights. Veto allows one-third to require a 
 two-thirds yes vote to pass a bill. The proposal fails and is considered vetoed if a super-majority is not reached.


Section 9 - 

The Congress shall have the power to lay and collect Taxes, duties, imposts, and excises to pay
 the debts and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United Interchain. All 
 duties, imposts, and excises shall be uniform through the United Interchain.

To borrow money on the credit of the United Interchain;

To regulate commerce with foreign bodies and among the several ledgers;

To maintain infrastructure for the efficient functioning of the interchain;

To constitute tribunals inferior to the high court;

To define felonies committed on the interchain Union's commercial routes and offenses against the
 laws of the United Interchain;

To declare war and make rules concerning captures of Chains or corporations outside the Union.

To raise capital for trade war or the defense of the United Interchain, but no appropriation of
 money to that use should be longer than one year.

To make rules for the government and regulation of the interchain;

To make procedures for closing infrastructure or lanes of travel to ledgers that have been 
exploited.

To appoint a primary representative to command economic war;

To make decentralized or security or audit requirements on Union members and ledgers seeking to
 join the Union.


Section 10 - 

Any Regulation of commerce shall give no preference to chains.

No money shall be drawn from the Treasury except when appropriations are made by law formed by 
the Union Assembly and Senate. When such occurs, a statement and account of receipts and expenditures 
of public funds must be published at the initial and final expenditure.

No chain without the consent of Congress shall accept any title from foreign chains or nations.


Section 11 - 

No chain shall enter into a treaty, alliance, or confederation.

Without the consent of Congress, no chain shall enter into agreement or compact with another 
foreign power or engage in economic war unless their self-dominion is in imminent danger.

No chain shall, without consent of Congress, lay any imposts or duties on imports or exports. 

The net gain of all duties or imposts laid by any chain on imports or exports shall be for the use 
of the treasury of the United Interchain, and all such laws shall be subject to the revision and 
control of Congress.


Section 12 - 

Congress may admit new States into this Union.


Section 13 - 

To institute a new ledger in the Union, 3/5ths yaes in the Union Assembly and Senate must be 
reached.

Congress may determine the time of choosing new members and the day on which votes shall be 
collected, which shall be the same throughout the United Interchain.

If a chain cannot carry out its duties to the Union or exercise its will safely and without 
coercion, Congress may provide for the removal of the chain through the impeachment process.

Before a chain enters the Union it must take the following affirmation: We affirm that we will
 execute the office of Congress and judiciary, and to the best of our ability, preserve, protect 
 and defend the Constitution of the United Interchain.


Section 14 - 

Bi-annually the Senate and Union Assembly shall present to the United Interchain information 
about the state of the Union and tell us their recommendations for the continuance of the Union.


Section 15 - 

The United interchain Congress shall have the power to dispose of and make needful rules and 
regulations respecting the territory or other property belonging to the United Interchain.



Article two


Section 1- 

The judicial power of the United interchain shall be vested in one high court and inferior 
courts as Congress ordains and establishes. The judges of both the high and inferior courts shall 
be entire ledgers that will receive payment from the United Interchain treasury, as determined by 
Congress, directly to the ledger's communal treasury.

An example of this system's functioning could be a three-tiered court system. Beginning at a 
common court, intermediate court, and ending at a high court. The common court has a jury of three 
ledgers adjudicating over the case, the intermediate court has a jury of six ledgers adjudicating, 
and the high court has a jury of twelve ledgers adjudicating over the case. Standard court procedures 
of appealing to higher courts and those courts either accepting the appeal or upholding lower court 
rulings apply. These ledgers that comprise the jury would be randomly chosen from within the Union.


Section 2- 

The judicial power shall extend to all cases except those of impeachment. The trial of all 
crimes shall be by a jury of peers. The jury will decide a punishment if convicted or retribution 
if innocent.


Section 3- 


The judiciary has the power to punish ledgers or individuals as delegated by the judges. 
The judiciary has the ability to slash chains, which is capital punishment.


Section 4- 

Treason against the United Interchain shall consist of levying war or coercion against any 
Union members or adhering to Union enemies. Congress shall have the power to declare the punishment 
of treason, but the judiciary will find the ledger innocent or guilty.



Article three

Whenever two-thirds of the Union Assembly and Senate deems it necessary, Congress shall propose
 amendments to this Constitution or call a convention for proposing amendments.



Article four

The United Interchain will never emplace a central currency.



Article five

Any powers not explicitly deemed in the Constitution are those of the chains that comprise the Union.



Article Six

The ratification of the Convention of ten chains shall be sufficient for establishing this 
Constitution between the ledgers. The ratification will trigger a funding proposal across the ten 
ledgers to create the necessary infrastructure for unionization.